<<<<<<< HEAD
This is the description for apartment_7.
=======
Spring into your new home at 88 Beechwood! Move in before June 1st to receive 1 month of free rent.* 

*Select suites only. Some conditions apply. Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. Errors and omissions excepted.

Fibre internet is included with all leases. Longer-term leases are also available.

SPRING OPEN HOUSE May 3rd 10 AM - 2 PM, or May 7th 4 - 7 PM

Join us on May 7th from 4 to 7 PM for an apartment open house at 88 Beechwood. Tour the amenities, spacious suites with free Wi-Fi, and amazing neighbourhood! Staff will greet you upon arrival. RSVP today

New Modern Suites in Ottawa's East End at 88 Beechwood.

Welcome to 88 Beechwood, East Ottawa's newest rental property nestled in the heart of the historic Beechwood Village.

Be the first to live in these modern mid-rise apartments boasting top-notch amenities including underground parking, a state-of-the-art fitness centre equipped with Matrix machines and iFit technology, Luxer One electronic parcel lockers for hassle-free deliveries, and a tranquil yoga studio for your relaxation needs. We also have your safety in mind with a virtual concierge.

You'll also love the many spaces to gather including the party room and rooftop terrace with a prep kitchen and exceptional views of Parliament Hill and the Gatineau Hills.

At home, you’ll love the designer kitchens and luxury finishes included in your suite. Designed with you in mind, enjoy included Rogers Ignite internet and ENERGY STAR, stainless steel appliances. The laundry is conveniently located in your suite and additional storage lockers are available on every floor.

88 Beechwood offers a unique blend of contemporary living and serene surroundings, making it the ideal choice for those who seek a balance between urban convenience and peaceful community living. Experience the best of both worlds at 88 Beechwood, where every detail is designed to enhance your lifestyle. Come home to comfort, come home to 88 Beechwood.

Apartment Features: 

Free fibre internet is included (valued over $1200!)
Open-concept designer kitchens
Quartz countertops and under-mount sinks 
High-end finishes and luxury fixtures 
Five stainless steel ENERGY STAR appliances 
In-suite laundry 
Large windows and private balconies 
In-suite storage 
Large bathtubs and walk-in showers 
The Amenities: 

Pet-friendly 
100% smoke-free 
1VALET smart building system 
Luxer One electronic parcel lockers 
Fitness centre with Matrix equipment and iFit 
EV charging stations 
Underground parking
Storage lockers on every floor 
Management on-site & 24-hour emergency maintenance 
Bicycle storage and repair 
Outdoor terrace with garden areas, grilling stations, and fire pits 
Yoga studio 
Party room and resident lounge
Co-working spaces
Visit our website at www.88Beechwood.ca to learn more. Contact us today to inquire about living at one of Ottawa’s newest developments in the heart of Beechwood Village.

Building & Suite Features

Fridge
Stove
Washer in suite
Balconies
In-suite storage
Dryer in suite
Internet included
Microwave
Central air conditioning
Stainless Steel Appliances
Smart thermostat
Roller blinds
Quartz countertops
Luxury vinyl flooring
Wine fridge (select suites)
Kitchen island (select suites only)
Walk-in closets (select suites only)
Unlimited high-speed internet
Location Details

Set in the heart of the historic and eclectic Beechwood Village, this innovative, smart buliding with LEED Silver-certification offers spacious apartments and premium amenities, including 1VALET, Luxer One electronic parcel lockers, a yoga studio, and more. Located beside New Edinburgh and Lindenlea, in Ottawa's east end, and just minutes from downtown Ottawa, these apartments are ideally located in a well-connected, exceptionally walkable neighbourhood.
>>>>>>> master
